We need to gamify chat GPT.
And if you ask dumb questions, you lose points.
If you ask questions that it could actually help with and, and make you
smarter, you get points.
Welcome to AB testing podcast, your modern testing podcast.
Your hosts, Alan and Brent will be here to guide you through topics on testing
leadership, agile, and anything else that comes to mind.
Now on with the show.
Brent, man, it has been a long time.
How are you doing?
I'm doing super duper.
You look nice there.
You're wearing a vest in your office.
What do you think of the, Oh, Hey everybody.
Brent is joining the beard club.
It looks good on you because your face is not pretty.
You look way better.
I think so too.
My, my wife disagrees.
Well, um, yeah, I don't think I'm going to, I mean, I don't think I'm
going to, uh, I like as completely as I have now.
So if, if I could fast forward to, to, to your stage, right.
Uh, then yeah, I would go full on Viking style and like braid it with like cool
beads and skull and crossbones and things like that, but I, I'm a low maintenance
dude.
I don't have the patience for that crap.
Yeah.
So I, oh, I have so many stories to tell and I'll probably go backward or
out of order, people can figure them out.
But now mine's been trimmed like twice in the last six months.
Once I just got it kind of trimmed because it was bad.
And, but before that I could actually water it up and tie a knot in the bottom.
And now I, I was in Monro, or for the Americans, Montreal, uh, took a vacation
up there because as astute listeners will know and people on LinkedIn
will know I quit my job.
So I had some time and we'll, yeah, we'll talk more about that in a minute.
But I got my beard trimmed and a guy, this guy did a really good job.
He kind of took all the fluff off the side.
So it was less puffy Santa Claus and more Viking down to my sternum.
Kind of not really pointy, but you know, it's more point dish.
It's a look I'm getting used to.
I'm getting used to.
So that's my thing.
So anyway, it has been a while because there has been stuff going on
in my world, let's go backward.
I took a week and went to Montreal before that.
I took a week and went skiing.
And before that I gave myself some time off by leaving my job at unity.
I left that as an Easter egg in our very last podcast right before we logged off.
And I said, like next time we can talk about how I quit my job.
Yeah.
And, and you're still, I presume under, under the, what is it?
One year NDA.
So the, your former unity employees will get no red meat here today.
Correct?
Correct.
In fact, I will, well, they'll get nothing I didn't share with them already.
Ah, gotcha.
And you know, it's different when I left and I have so many things to talk about.
Let me start from pause there a moment and just kind of check it out as a whole
story there may take a while.
You may have questions and I promised we'd talk about it, but it's
been like a month, maybe since we recorded last.
So what have you been up to?
How are you?
You're still in your office at Microsoft.
So you're, you're still employed, which is great.
Yep.
Still still employed and theoretically today is the last day, uh, for the, at
least the communicated layoffs as, as you know, that doesn't, doesn't mean
they can't circle back on Monday with a whole new set of communicated layoffs.
Right.
But for the most part, Satya thinks he's done for now.
Is that what you're saying?
No.
Well, what I'm saying is what Satya announced back in January is supposed
to finish today, there was nothing he messaged around and that will be it
for the year or the, or that would be unfair.
You never know what's going to go on.
So that's good.
Yeah.
All right.
I assume your team charter is still the same, still working on, um, stuff.
Yeah.
No.
Um, we got a bunch of bunch of new, really interesting work coming in.
And I'm looking into what I see what I'm trying to fix.
Yeah.
I'll just go with stuff.
We're doing stuff.
Uh, it's cool.
I don't have enough time to think about how I can make sure.
The question really is the question burning the minds of all three
AB testing listeners is, is AI taking away your job?
Uh, not yet.
I don't know if you saw the, well, so it's even bigger in the news now, right?
There's a, there's a big signed petition, uh, by multiple serious, uh, business
leaders, including ones that are heads of AI companies, trying to get the
government to, to do some sort of pause on AI.
Let's just pause the use of this for six months.
It'll be weird to see if that can land, um, uh, for big things like so.
Did you hear they bid you're they, they're putting a pausing big pause in
Italy, they banned chat GPT in Italy.
I did not hear that.
Yeah.
Check that out.
Uh, look at it right now.
Unfortunately, things like that are going to do the square root of nothing.
I know, but I, I'm just enjoying watching the world try and figure out,
Hey, I had to handle this stuff.
And in that some different kinds of innovation are going to happen.
Some actual, we're, Steven Johnson calls, we're on the adjacent possible now of
some really cool things happening with chat AI.
Now the enterprise computer, the computer from the enterprise from
Star Trek is like, yeah, that's totally possible.
Just put some voice on this thing.
Uh, yeah.
I've also seen, uh, someone made Bard, which is Google's, uh, chat AI and
chat GPT, uh, square off in a rap battle.
That was pretty cool.
And, and who won?
I don't recall.
Just it's not who wins or loses.
It's who plays the game.
I have, uh, so I have seen a few several articles around that of course, make
me happy, uh, around Bard looking like, uh, a brainless monkey in comparison
to, uh, for example, the Bing chat bot.
The I'm looking at the, the article you just said, and I think that one's.
They're blocking it over privacy concerns.
Right.
And there's concerns with, uh, Dolly as well.
That, okay.
So it's learning, uh, it's learning off of, off of available assets.
Like if you are an artist, uh, there's a chance and you have something public.
There's a chance that Dolly has been trained off of, off of your art form.
Right.
And we had a whole conversation about art last time and, and everything is derivative.
But it'll be interesting that discussion around whether this, whether that is
really a privacy concern or not, or a copyright concern or not, right.
That, that needs to be accelerated and closed.
And then depending on the results of that one, um, then it's just going to be a crazy,
even a faster, crazy world, or, or it'll be, you know, the, the doom will be
slowed down slightly.
Like a, like a speed bump in a, in a grocery parking lot.
Sure.
It has internally, I will say it has created a big fuss.
Like I would say right now we were preparing for intern season and I would
say, I don't know, 70% of the projects, uh, have the letters GPT involved somehow.
I, of course, I'm going in a different direction because I understand what
GPT is right now.
Uh, and I think a lot of these people are investing in science fair projects.
Yes.
Yes, indeed.
Yeah.
All right.
Well, cool stuff going on.
Um, I think AI will be a recurring, especially chat GPT.
I, I, I now pay, I decided to pay the 20 bucks to get the more reliable,
faster, more robust version and access to chat GPT for, for me, it's worth it.
And again, I use it as a, as I mentioned before, not going to go into it.
A brainstorming tool, the tool that helped me think about things, think
through things, summarize things.
It is a collaborative partner for me.
And that's my usage of that may have all over time, but I'm now a paying customer.
So I'm into it and your prediction from December is coming true.
Anyway, AI chat GPT will probably be recurring topics here.
Worth checking in on what's going on.
One of the things I will encourage you to do.
You protect your is ask it to generate test cases for a calculator.
No.
Oh, okay.
Good.
If you're, if we're remarkably bored and you, you know, you have a choice between
trimming your fingernails again and doing that, maybe that, but even then it's sort
of an iffy, iffy case for me, try out the Bing chatbot along with the, the GPT
Ford GPT four is much better.
Uh, but one of the things I am finding is the Bing bot, which combines the current
jet chat, be GPT model, the, the three five model, not four, along with
smart info retrieval, for me, it's producing much better results.
And it has the benefit of being free.
I will check it out.
Yeah.
So being.
Is that, I know that's going to be hard.
What is, what is Bing stand for?
Is that an acronym?
Yeah.
It's, it's short for being, being, being.
Oh my Lord.
So you picked on a very good metaphor or comparison earlier because I am maybe
my only neuroses, but definitely my biggest one is I cannot stand my fingernails
not being sheared all the way back.
Oh, really?
Like I can feel the weight of them and throw like a millimeter law just feels weird.
Oh, I, so if it's too short, then I can't pry things open.
And obviously playing the guitar is better with a little bit of
nailage, but I guess you don't, on the right hand, I suppose nails
getting the way of, yeah, no, on the left hand, it's annoying.
I assume playing right hand guitar.
All right.
Yeah.
Hey.
So anyway, I, um, I quit.
You did.
And, and then you banned me from talking about it.
No, I didn't.
No, I well, I didn't, I didn't.
Uh, I decided to leave and it's a, you know, it's a long story.
I wish no ill will on unity.
It's different from Microsoft where I was just done.
I had a manager at Microsoft who was to compare my last manager at
Microsoft was a total shithead.
He is the epitome of everything you can do wrong as a manager.
The first one ever, although you hear stories all the time, the first
one ever who made up stuff in my review, I didn't do.
And it was just, he was just horrible.
There was a culture of sucking up.
You remember Brian?
Yeah.
It's like, I just can't work.
This is not the culture I want to work in.
And if you recall, if you recall, I was scared.
AF when I found out that you moved in to Brian's org.
Yeah.
It was fun for a while.
It was a good experience.
I liked it, but it was good to get out as well.
So different experience leaving unity.
And like, let me give you the example.
I told my manager, I was leaving and gave him a bunch of reasons why.
They said, yep, those make sense.
And it says, I've never successfully talked to anyone out of resigning.
So let's just figure out how to make a good transition.
And we did.
And I'm super happy with, I won't go into details on the podcast.
If you're at unity and listening, of course, you know, what my suggestions were,
because that's, that's what happened.
And I'm really happy with how simple the transition went, how nice everyone
was and everyone at unity is great.
I'm not going to go deep into the reasons I left.
I'll go a little bit.
It was a little bit of culture.
What I can say is the culture was nowhere near as like as bad as I felt
Microsoft was at the time.
And I, and from talking to you and others, I trust that Satya is making a difference
and that the culture, the siloed backstabbing culture of Microsoft when I
was there is, is indeed slowly fading away.
Uh, it's backstabbing is nearly gone.
Yeah.
A couple of the things.
So my experience is my org, my manager, totally fine.
It was, it was a great place, great org to be in.
I could do what I wanted.
Plenty of, plenty of additional room for growth there.
What it really came down to for me was in the position I was in as a
VP reporting to the CTO.
So my skip level was our CEO.
I was dealing a lot more with executives from across the company.
Most of which were fantastic and great people and humble and everything.
There were a few, and I'm not going to name names and this is maybe a little
more than I went to, went into directly with my team at Unity, but still well
worth sharing, um, and they could have drawn the line easily.
There are a few of the senior leaders that happened to be folks who were at
Microsoft when I was there, who I did not like when I was there because that
they were very much that frat boy, good old boys culture of, you know, you
remember what it was like.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
No, uh, they're the type of people that we wanted to improve the culture.
We wanted out of Microsoft.
Right.
And they left and like, and so, and a couple of them went to, from there,
went to Amazon where they became more business savvy versions of the old
frat boy backstabbers they were.
And in interacting with them and seeing that their spots didn't change that much
and being, you know, I'm pretty good in influencing culture, even in
places that aren't mine, but these were, it was a hardship to move and
I could have worked around it.
I could have, there was no, I can't work here anymore.
This is too hard.
This was like, this is hard and I'm old and I don't feel like doing this anymore.
So that was really what kind of left up to it.
Some things just didn't feel like it was easy to do good work anymore.
And that was, it's not that it's not easy to do good work at Unity in general.
In my position, it was because the people I had to go influence,
they lost my respect.
So I decided to step away and, and it was really cool as I gave specific
reasons to my manager, none, which I share with my team, none, which I'll
share here, a very pointed example after example, or after example, where
I felt things weren't right.
And it was really cool was most managers would try and tell you like, this
is wrong, blah, blah, blah, blah.
He agreed with all of them, whether he did or not, I don't, whether
he really did or not, I don't know.
But he agreed with all of them and said, yep, these are problems.
And it's going to take about a year, maybe two for, to get these things
ironed out and get things smooth again.
And I told him, I think you're exactly right.
I just don't have the patience right now at this point in my
career to ride that out.
So I'm going to take a break.
I'm old.
I've done that.
No, it's I get it.
Right.
It's at some point in time, you want to stop fixing the same
problems and see what happens on the other side of the mountain.
Maybe, maybe.
Well, and I want to fix problems.
I don't mind fixing some of the same problems.
Some of yes.
Greeting.
When I feel, when I have confidence, I don't need a lot because, uh, I
don't need a lot of confidence.
I want to feel like there's a path where I can be successful.
Sorry, I'm way too esoteric here, but yeah, it's, um, I decided to leave.
So then what happened was I did the thing where my last day was
March 17th in the office, but I was on vacation for two weeks.
My actual official last day was the 24th for reasons that are confusing and
actually ended up not being valid at the end anyway, I waited until it's on the
24th, I did go turn in my laptop on my card key at the Bellevue office.
And, and it was a little surreal.
Somebody else I knew who was at Microsoft quit the same day and his
laptop was back there too.
And our receptionist we call workplace experience was kind of expecting me.
He said, Hey, she said, all the dinosaurs are leaving.
I said, what do you mean?
He was a dinosaur.
And she said, no, that's what we just called anybody who remembers the old
building we call dinosaurs.
So, okay.
Okay.
Then I'm a dinosaur.
The first one, oh my God.
Like the old building was what?
Four years ago.
Yeah.
We moved out four years ago.
The one next to our, what toys are us used to be?
Yeah.
Anyway, I turned to my stuff and I was like a little surreal.
I walked out and walking back to my car and from my phone, I posted a quick
little LinkedIn thing that said something to the effect of, I don't have it in
front of me, so something to the effect of, well, that's that after six years
at unity, I turned in my card key and laptop today off to see what's next.
And so many, I mean, there's like a dozen comments, 15 comments, a bunch
of reactions, a whole bunch of DMS, a whole bunch of messages elsewhere.
And I was kind of touched.
A lot of people concerned about me.
Like, are you okay?
Like, and these days, like it was left.
Did you quit?
What happened?
Why would you quit in this economy?
Are you stupid?
I'm a little stupid, but, uh, but I was, it was really, and then on our
Slack group as well, it's like, Hey, Alan, I just heard you quit.
Is everything all right?
And yeah, it's great.
It is great to be in a position where you feel like you could, like taking
a break is the best thing for you.
People I haven't heard from in years checking in on me, some unfortunately,
people that have been laid off from Microsoft recently out there wondering,
looking for commiserating on, well, where are you going to end up?
Could I end up there?
What?
I, and I don't know.
I mean, everybody has their own path and journey, but anyway, the short story
is a lot, I didn't think I thought there was no picture.
There was no interesting blog post to go with it, just a quick little blurb.
So I was kind of, um, surprised and touched over all the concern and the
comments from people on, on me leaving.
Are you okay?
And yes, for anyone listening to the podcast, I'm sure far more people see
my posts, like 10 people see my posts on LinkedIn and only three
people listen to the podcast.
But if you happen to be both, yeah, I'm doing great.
I'm fine.
I feel good.
I'm relaxed.
I'm rested.
I've had a very, very nice break and things are going well.
So yeah, that's that.
Yeah.
So you did not leave without understanding a better, uh, I'm
being, trying to be very careful.
Life for yourself post leaving, right?
It wasn't, it wasn't F this place.
I'm out of here and you left after thoughtfulness and some
form of prescriptiveness.
And unfortunately in right now, like everything is layoff heavy.
I understand why everyone might think, right?
You didn't have a choice in the matter or you were pressured
negatively in it.
I know some of the details and I'll absolutely say that's, that
that's not what happened here.
Um, can I just talk a little bit about it because it's something
we've talked about before, not in a while, but really I was
experiencing burnout is, is, is the, the gut of it from a lot
of different things.
And so when I got to the end, I, it was hard for me to wake
up in the morning and go to work.
I've been getting up and I got, I changed this at the first
of the year.
So I've been feeling, I've been thinking about leaving all
the way back since November.
And I thought it was just getting up early.
I've been getting up at 6 AM or 5 30 AM four days a week,
sometimes five, uh, for the last couple of years after the
first year, I changed my schedule so that my first meeting
on Monday, Wednesday, and Friday wasn't until seven 30
at the earliest.
I started early on the other days, still pretty early for,
for a West coaster still was having a hard time getting
engaged and you know, the layout, I'll admit the layoffs
are part of it.
I, you know, I disagree with the way the layoffs are
done at unity, but what happened was I couldn't get
engaged.
I could go through the motions.
I could take care of my team.
I could go to meetings and make decisions and do the
minimum really, but there were any sort of the extra
work that I liked to do.
I didn't call it extra.
It's just really just doing stuff beyond the meetings,
like just coming up with strategic plans and helping
a lot and doing the extra work to align around what's
important and digging in with our partner teams,
understand what we're going to do.
I had no energy for that.
I was obligated through just care about keeping the
team running and keeping them successful and happy
and engaged, but I couldn't find any energy to
engage beyond there.
So there was a three day weekend in January.
I turned into a four day weekend and completely
unplugged, tried to see if I get back into it.
It didn't work.
So then in fab around presidents day, I took a
five day weekend or maybe a big chunk of time.
Not well, anybody in Europe would go.
That's not a big chunk of time, Alan, but for,
for Americans.
Yeah.
So I took a longer weekend again, completely unplugged,
just tried to meditate and relax and just see if I
could find it again.
And I came back and I couldn't.
And that when I came back and I couldn't, that's
when I typed up a letter of resignation and my
manager was on, uh, or traveling that week.
Complication.
I can't remember.
So when I met with him the next week is when
we had that discussion.
So it was, it was a long time coming.
It was definitely not a table flip run out the room.
I really, really tried to make it work in my head,
but in the end, you know, I told the story back
at Microsoft, it was hard to leave.
And I finally made the decision to do it.
It felt right.
And the same thing happened with unity.
It's a different, different culture, different
situation, but it was, it was the right thing.
And, and I'll say, so I'll say two things.
Number one, when you left Microsoft, it was
absolutely right.
Like the, the, at least the two to three
years that followed that has been the most
energized I had seen of you, Alan.
Right.
It was, you know, we joked, joked in quotes, like
when you were here, you were kind of following,
uh, a variant of the Moore's law in terms of
how long you stayed in a group.
Right.
Um, one of the things that we share in
common, right.
We, we, we, we are fascinated by where ideas
come from.
Uh, uh, I think we both share commonality
that when, when the thing gets to the point
where it's a, it's a greased engine that just
runs, at least I get intensely bored rapidly.
Right.
And if, if, if I can't find something that
reenergizes me a new direction, a new
opportunity, something else to build ROI on.
Um, yeah, then it's, it's, it's, it's time
for me to go to find something else.
That's, that's kind of how I've been
interpreting your story.
Um,
a little bit, it's very clear that when
I'm bored, I'm done.
And this is a little different in
that the boredom came, it wasn't really
bored.
I just couldn't, I couldn't, it was a
weird place because I wasn't bored.
But maybe I kind of was because I
couldn't, I was unable to find, to motivate
myself to do the super engaging things.
The thing, the things that where I
would get growth from.
I was just, you know, we talk about my
ACM model of having the above work or
the ambitious work that stretches you
and the stuff you're just good at
and the other stuff.
I was eliminating all the ambitious
stuff because I just, I couldn't get
the energy to do it.
So I was just doing stuff in my
wheelhouse stuff that I knew how to
do, but I wasn't stretching myself at
all and I had no desire to stretch
myself at all.
And so that's, that's a flavor of it
because anytime I'm not stretching
myself at all, I changed jobs.
Yeah.
It's just the path that I got there
was different.
So I have now been in Azure, I
think eight years.
And there have been times where I'm
just like, okay, what the hell to do
now?
Right.
Where I fall back and right.
I do things in my wheelhouse because
you know, I'm at minimum I'm paid a
salary, I should be producing
something useful.
Right.
But, but if that lasts more than
a week, well, I guess thankfully
for me, it hasn't.
Well, let me talk about one more
thing that I do that it hasn't
come up yet, but actually very much
part of this decision.
I haven't mentioned it yet.
Uh, but it was very much a part
of my decision.
As you know, one of the things I
love to do, and this is, uh, you
know, not for the faint of heart.
I love to work myself out of a job.
Do you think you did that this time?
Um, I actually, I didn't work
myself out of a job, but I did
work myself out of a job.
Let me, let me, Brent has a
skeptical look, so let me explain.
So I think, I think you're prior
prior to the reorg you were last
day, I think you had, I think that
was the reason why the reorg happened.
Yeah.
Well, let me give you the context.
So part of it was I was dumb, but
also part of it was I shared this
with my directs at unity.
And I believe it.
And part of the realization on that
five day weekend that came to me was.
My directs still have, all of them
had definitely room to grow and they
thought like they didn't need me.
But I also felt like they had matured
enough that every single one of them
could run their own business.
Once I gave them that realization, had
a similar realization about how.
We could keep everything running
at with minimal disruption and suggested
that to my manager and all those steps
happened and basically without going
into details and I'm very confident
of the team's ongoing success.
My manager will not replace me.
Oh, interesting.
So I came, I had a plan I thought would
work and all the pieces fell into place.
People were willing and open to it.
And, and I think the org will be very,
very successful, at least as successful
it would have been if I was there.
Without the need to replace me at all.
So,
do you think he's gonna, do you think
he's going to spread out your team
amongst his current?
No, I know, I know exactly what he's done.
I'm not going to go into details of what
we did there.
It's not important for the podcast,
but if I can leave and in a way that
does not cause me to need to be replaced,
you could say I was able to work
myself out of a job, at least in some
context as part of this or the preparation
or the basis for that was done.
That's what I'm saying.
Okay.
Yeah, that's good.
That's great.
Yeah.
So I will, I'll find the new place to land.
I will learn a lot and stretch myself
and eventually work myself out of a job.
In which case I will, I've been very,
very fortunate and lucky in my career.
In that when I work myself out of a job,
I'm able to find the next one.
That's even harder and harder to,
harder to work myself out of.
Yeah.
And I don't do it on purpose.
I, I don't know.
I think it's laziness.
Like I want to do less and less of my
job, so I'd make people do more and more
of it and eventually I'm not needed.
I don't know how it happens.
I don't, it's not a conscious thing.
I do.
I don't like put on my goals, work
myself out of a job.
It's something that happens when I do
my job and then I, in hindsight, I go,
oh wow, I work myself out of a job again.
I can't explain, there's no strategy around it.
It's an artifact of doing things the way I do.
It's super weird.
I do a similar thing.
And then at times I actually, I stare into it.
Like there's a, there's a rarely used
joke I do with my ICs.
So let's say my IC is on a challenging
problem and I'm like, yeah, Brett, I just
have no clue how I'm going to solve it.
And I know their experience and I know
it's, it's, they're perfectly capable of it.
And then sort of setting the scenario
wrong just to get to the punch line.
But I will look at them.
I'll say, Hey, would you like to know how
I intend to solve it?
And they're like, yes.
And I'll say, okay, I'll tell you upfront.
It's not going to help you much.
Let's find, let's hear the idea.
Okay.
What I'm going to do is hire a really
smart person to do this thing and then
delegate it.
And then they'll look at me like, Oh,
you're an asshole.
Yeah, that's right.
I am like the context.
I didn't tell the scenario, right?
But the context is when, when they found
some sort of strategy to get out of the, to
get me out of coaching mode and they're
trying to sort of reverse delegate back to me.
And I'm like, no, I want you to work
through this and I'll do this and I'll
follow up after I do the joke and say,
no, this is, this is something I think
it's important to you as well as the
business to, to invest in.
And, and right.
We're knowledge workers.
Knowledge doesn't come for free.
At least not entirely yet.
Uh, chat GPT is working on fixing that.
And, and, you know, uh, just as an aside,
I'm already seeing signs of, of GPT
encouraging intellectual laziness.
And that scares the crap out of me.
How you use it.
I, I think a lot of the ways I see you
is wrong again, we're not, we already did
the AI portion of the podcast, but I use
it to, I use it to learn, to expand my
creativity, it's my partner in figuring
out ideas.
So I don't think there's for me, at
least there's no laziness.
I think as people figure out what to
do with it, there definitely is the
possibility for that.
And if I were programming chat GPT,
and again, we're out of, we did this
section already of the podcast.
I would teach it.
I want to mean chat.
Like I want to chat GPT.
I want to give it a prompt that says,
if I ask you something stupid, that's
inappropriate for you, please tell me
what a dumbass I'm being.
Yeah, it won't do that.
Yes, it will.
Many of the prompts are set up to
prevent you from, from it doing
anything that could even have a
hint of being offensive.
I'm saying program it.
So it does.
It does.
Oh, if you worked, oh, I got it.
I missed it.
Make it.
Sorry.
Yeah.
Turn it into, um, make it, make it
meaner, I don't get more opinionated
and meaner.
We, we, as you've called that, I
think three times in the last 30
seconds, it is not, uh, we've already
done the AI segment.
Uh, but I'm, I'm definitely of the
belief now that anything resembling
EQ for an AI, uh, if I had a choice,
I would just, you know, not even
partially just straight up, let's
just start calling that unethical.
I don't want it calling names.
I don't want it praising you.
We need to gamify chat GPT.
And if you ask dumb questions, you
lose points if you ask questions that
it could actually help with and, and
make you smarter, you get points
and you can use those in anyway.
So moving on fine, fine.
I think I saw that, uh, star field
announced a date that I see that
right somewhere.
I thought it was September.
Yeah.
Countdown.
I have done none far away.
Yeah.
So what's new in entertainment?
I got a, I got a catch up on other
games first before that comes out.
I'm still working my way through
Mario Odyssey and the Harry Potter
game and a whole bunch of other crap.
I, I think I'm caught up.
You're watching the Mandalorian.
Uh, I today is Friday.
I did not see last night, but I was
caught up up until then.
All right, man.
Is it, come on Wednesday night.
Anyway.
Okay.
Good caught up.
No, you're right.
It is Wednesday.
Yeah.
It's getting better.
I, I, a lot of people are not liking
the Disney star Wars series.
I like them all very much.
The Mandalorian is frigging awesome.
I was talking to somebody last week
and I said, I, I, and I believe this.
I said, I think Andor to me is a better series.
Oh, for me, Mandalorian is better.
Yeah.
And, but the reason he gave why Andor was not,
and this is, this is true.
Star Wars geekdom is that he said it's
too human centric.
The star Wars universe has lots of weird
looking aliens and because Andor doesn't
have enough of those that it's inferior
to the Mandalorian.
Okay.
I think that's a weird take, right?
Anyway,
in that regard, I mean, by that bar, you
would say, okay, is it really part of the
star Wars ethos, right?
That, right.
So that is one thing I will say, right?
It doesn't, it didn't come across as Star Wars.
Right.
It, it, it, it's in the universe.
But you could have, you could have picked
any sci-fi universe and like, it's a good
story.
Okay.
But Star Wars in my view is, is only mentioned
there as part of a brand, right?
The rest of the Star Wars brand doesn't
really make sense for that story.
That part I, I will agree with.
I don't, I don't really care about that.
The alien thing or whatever, but right.
The, the, the empire versus the rebellion.
Those are just all story assets.
All right.
But what are you watching new?
That's good.
What are you watching our play in new?
Uh, Mandalorian is what I'm watching right now.
I've, I've gotten to the end of DC stuff
on, uh, I'm at the end of Marvel.
I'm at the end of DC stuff.
Uh, so it's time for me to go back and see
what's interesting on, on Amazon prime.
Right.
Cause right now, Mandalorian, I'm glad that
you told me that.
Uh, and then baseball season started up again.
So I got, I got, I got that to watch now.
I'm very excited about it.
Nice.
How is your hour?
The, I was a local team going to do this year.
Well, they, they have won a hundred percent
of their games yesterday was opening day.
Yeah.
Nice.
Are they going to win the next 161?
Probably not.
Right.
I'm not, I am a data scientist.
I think that statistically unlikely, but I
would love to see if they could get into
the playoffs again.
Last, last season was really exciting towards
the end.
Yeah.
Cause they got to, they got to go to the
playoffs.
Yeah.
Oh, and by the way, I've been helping my
daughter with her statistics homework.
Yeah.
Um, so I'm, I'm, uh,
and have you survived it?
Sometimes, sometimes I go, yeah, I know this.
I was like, Oh, what?
What did that?
Why?
What?
So, um, yeah, doing all right.
Doing all right.
It's kind of fun stuff.
Okay.
I don't think I have anything else exciting
going on.
Just talk about my desk.
So we're, we're recording again next week.
Yeah.
Back to back.
This is one 77 by the way.
Yeah.
And the reason why we're doing that is
because normally we do it every other week,
but it's been a while since we recorded
and the week after that, I am on vacation.
My daughter is doing a class trip and
we're going to go check out Philadelphia
and DC.
Oh, cool.
It's so, I have never been to DC.
I've always wanted to go.
I've never been there.
I, I will get there sometime soon.
I have never been to either.
I've never been to any of the places
that we're talking about and we're going
to be, so as you know, I graduated from an
online school, we're going to be within
an hour and a half drive to the actual
school I graduated from, which I have never
actually been to.
Funny.
Yeah.
Cool.
So anyway, it's good to be back.
Um, thanks for everyone for hanging out
and being patient between podcasts.
Good seeing you again, Brent.
The beard looks good.
Everyone else have to trust me and, uh,
I'm unemployed, Alan.
And I am still still employed, Brent.
We'll see you next time.
Bye.